MTA-6811, 6812, 6813, 6814, 6815, 6816 CQA April Developer Lightspeed work (#357)
migtools/mta-documentation: docs/topics/developer-lightspeed/con_persistent-volumes.adoc

:_newdoc-version: 2.15.0
:_template-generated: 2024-2-21

:_mod-docs-content-type: CONCEPT

[id="persistent-volumes_{context}"]

> = Persistent volume requirements

Reviewer: This one, I think, was already removed by one of earlier PRs when I worked on the prerequisites and requirements consolidation based on Ramon's request. Here is the current content: https://docs.redhat.com/en/documentation/migration_toolkit_for_applications/8.2/html/configuring_and_using_red_hat_developer_lightspeed_for_mta/getting-started_mta-developer-lightspeed#prerequisites_getting-started.

Please, make sure not to overwrite my changes when you merge the PR. It's better to remove this module completely.

Author: Fixed this

= Persistent volume requirements

[role="_abstract"]

> The Solution Server component requires a backend database to store code changes from earlier analyses.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Solution Server component requires a backend database to store code changes from previous analyses.
```

> If you plan to enable Solution Server, you must create a `5Gi` ReadWriteOnce (`RWO`) persistent volume for the {mta-dl-plugin} database. 

Reviewer: https://redhat-documentation.github.io/supplementary-style-guide/#gb + shortening:
```suggestion
To enable Solution Server, you must create a 5 GB ReadWriteOnce (`RWO`) persistent volume for the {mta-dl-plugin} database. 
```

Author: `Gi` is slightly different from `GB`, WDYT?

= Persistent volume requirements

[role="_abstract"]
The Solution Server component requires a backend database to store code changes from earlier analyses.

> If you plan to enable Solution Server, you must create a `5Gi` ReadWriteOnce (`RWO`) persistent volume for the {mta-dl-plugin} database. See link:{mta-URL}/installing_the_migration_toolkit_for_applications/index#persistent-volume-requirements_installing-mta-ui[Persistent volume requirements] for more information.

Reviewer 2: Per DITA standards, links are not allowed in the Concept body. They must be moved to Additional resources. This is also applicable to assemblies. Fix it if it occurs elsewhere too.
